latest_version_pointer config (#9237)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/mesh/govern/model-versions.md

We opted to use `generate_alias_name` for this functionality so that the logic remains accessible to end users, and could be reimplemented with custom logic.
:::

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.12">

> If you want a view that always tracks the latest version instead of pinning to a specific one, see [Pointing to the latest version](#pointing-to-the-latest-version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want a view that always tracks the latest model version instead of pinning to a specific one, see [Pointing to the latest version](#pointing-to-the-latest-version).
```

### Pointing to the latest version <Lifecycle status="beta" />

<LatestVersionPointerBeta />

> The [`latest_version_pointer`](/reference/resource-configs/latest_version_pointer) config automatically creates a view named after the model's base name (for example, `dim_customers`) that always points to the latest versioned relation (for example, `dim_customers_v2`). When enabled, users querying outside of dbt always get the current version. This config only applies to versioned models.

Reviewer: Keeping it 2nd person with the rest
```suggestion
The [`latest_version_pointer`](/reference/resource-configs/latest_version_pointer) config automatically creates a view named after the model's base name (for example, `dim_customers`) that always points to the latest versioned relation (for example, `dim_customers_v2`). When you enable it, querying outside of dbt always returns the current version. This config only applies to versioned models.
```

> Enable this feature in your project by setting the `latest_version_pointer_enabled_by_default` flag to `true` in `dbt_project.yml`, or enable it per model with the `latest_version_pointer` config:

Reviewer 2: Link would be handy here, as would being explicit about `enabled`:

```suggestion
Enable this feature in your project by setting the [`latest_version_pointer_enabled_by_default`](/docs/mesh/govern/model-versions#pointing-to-the-latest-version) flag to `true` in `dbt_project.yml`, or enable it per model with the `latest_version_pointer.enabled` config:
```
